Release Hermes v1.0.0 (#2577)
informalsystems/ibc-rs: UPGRADING.md

# Upgrading Hermes to a newer version

## v1.0.0

> These instructions assume that you are running Hermes v1.0.0-rc.2.

> > If you are running an older version, please refer the corresponding
> > in reverse chronological order to update to v1.0.0-rc.2 first and then
> > follow these instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you are running an older version, please refer to the upgrading instructions
> for the older release candidates in reverse chronological order to update to
> v1.0.0-rc.2 first and then follow these instructions.
```

Author: Thanks, not sure what happened here 😅
